For more from Kyiv is CBS News reporter Haley Ott.
Hi, Haley.
So as you just heard, President Zelensky
says he wants sanctions on Russia
to be listed before a possible invasion of Ukraine.
He wants them as a deterrent.
What is his reasoning?
Well the point President Zelensky made today in Munich
is one that I've heard echoed by numerous people
that I've spoken to here in Kyiv during my reporting
on this story.
People that I speak to here say that they want a response
now to Russia's buildup of troops on the Ukrainian border,
because that buildup in and of itself
is inflicting damage on the Ukrainian economy.
There's a huge amount of foreign investment
in this country that's being pulled out
because of this crisis, let alone things like tourism.
Flights have been canceled.
So people here don't want Russia to be allowed
to take this kind of action and damage
the Ukrainian economy in the way that it has been damaged.
That's the point that President Zelensky made today,
and that's certainly something that I've
heard echoed here on the ground by people
that I've spoken to in Kyiv.
I mean, seeing that video of President Zelensky speaking,
there's certainly an urgency to his voice
that we haven't quite heard before,
nor from the Ukrainian people.
So tell us about how that has changed,
how the sense of urgency has changed among Ukrainians
where you are, given the latest developments in the Donbass
region?
There has been an uptick in violence, in shelling.
The Ukrainian military said that two of its forces
were killed in Eastern Ukraine today.
Four people were injured.
That said, people here in the capital city were resolute,
it seemed, when I spoke to them, about not letting this crisis
affect their day to day lives.
I talked to people going to work on a Saturday,
delivering groceries, going getting their nails done.
People were out on the streets.
And they were just living their lives as normal,
because they say one way that Russia
could hurt them would be by if they responded to this crisis.
They said that they're used to dealing with Russia.
They're used to these kinds of threats.
And they're going to wait until an invasion actually
happens, if it does, before they respond.
That said, some of my colleagues were at the Polish border
earlier, where people definitely have made moves
to protect their families potentially
in case there is an invasion.
They're staying there for the time being,
because they think if there's some sort of violence,
they could cross the border more easily.
So people are adjusting their lives, because
of the threat of violence.
But it's definitely a deliberate thing
that a lot of people that I've spoken to are doing,
which is saying, we are living our lives as normal.
We are proceeding as normal.
Because that is how we can show our own strength.
All right.
Well, Haley Ott in Kyiv.
Thank you so much.